# JavaScript-Docker Task
## 7.1
### Here we are using HTML and CGI programming to make a basic webpage. webpage.html is used for front-end and lol.py for backend. First we make a basic HTML webpage to have an input box and two buttons with the task to reset the box and the execute the command. When we put a command in the box and press execute the XMLHttpRequest is used to send the data to the lol.py program to execute the command and send the output back to webpage.html. Then we show the output on the screen by the computer.
## 7.2
#### Since the preceding decade, the whole IT industry has been engulfed in a massive wave of hype. Businesses, startups, and multinational corporations (MNCs) are growing as new technologies emerge, making them invincible in their respective fields. With a plethora of frameworks and programming languages forming the foundations of the thriving industries, one language that has remained ever-dominant is Javascript. According to statistics, Javascript is used by more than 95 percent of websites throughout the world as a client-side language for a range of reasons.In this article, we'll look at some of the tech behemoths that have been employing Javascript technology to create software solutions all around the world.
### 1)Let's start with an OK Google! 
#### Yes, Google is one of the companies that has reached the pinnacle. Knowing that such a massive corporation not only uses but heavily relies on Javascript technologies demonstrates its power. JS is responsible for the outcomes that appear in the proposals. Google has been developing and open-sourcing its JS tools over the years, one of which being AngularJS. To avoid being overtaken by the world's most popular and powerful search engine, the Chrome browser required a JS engine, which led to the development of V8, a JS engine at the heart of Node. js
### 2)Let's watch Netflix and unwind! 
#### Netflix, an OTT platform that isn't just any OTT platform, but one that is in great demand, started with Java, but soon ran into time and space constraints, forcing a change to the cloud and Node.js. It goes without saying that the transition from a traditional to a more modern and distributed strategy was advantageous. Netflix currently relies heavily on Node.js.
### 3) UBER, hurry up and get there! 
#### Uber is the type of company that has to deal with data in real time. Millions of people using their app, while impressive, necessitates a methodical approach. Uber must run multiple processes at the same time to track drivers, riders, and requests. Due to the use of JS's strengths, all of these executions go off without a hitch. Uber is designed to manage requests, and with the help of its asynchronous skills, it has everything running well!
### 4)Microsoft: Be Next, embracing Node.
#### Microsoft, another tech behemoth, is working on a JS-powered edge browser. Microsoft's Edge is one example of a browser that relies on JS to execute processes. Microsoft created and maintains its own JS engine, as well as the Edge Browser. Edge is rumoured to be working on a Node.js version. Not to mention Azure, which works in tandem with Node and can be accessed via Visual Studio. Microsoft has been maximising the capabilities of Node.
### These are some of the most powerful IT companies that have been adopting JS and its frameworks, demonstrating that Javascript is everywhere. It's grown into its own ecosystem!
